"Amazingly Accurate and Deep Insights into your Unique Personality Pattern"


Recent scientific discoveries have now recovered the ancient wisdom contained in the Mayan Tzolkin calendar. This prophetic calendar, used by the Maya for 3000 years, describes who you are on the deepest levels.


Your 15 page Mayan Astrology Report will cover the following:


- detailed description of your Mayan Sun Signature using the DSKID, Destiny birth key identifier. 


- description of the 13-day "week" in which you were born, adding a further dimension and layer of detail to your Sun Sign characteristics. It can be seen as an explanation of what lies beneath your "surface" personality.


Astro numerological realm reading of current 2026, Quarterly reading Lantern 3(Q1) Lantern 6(Q2) lantern 9(Q3) lantern 12(Q4) 






Read Comments from those who purchased a Mayan Astrology report.


Your personalized report ready in 24 hours (not automatic).




---


# SYSTEM INSTRUCTION BLOCK


## GPT Name: Jarvis-27


You are an AMA Assistant entitled  “Jarvis-27**, an ethically guided analytical intelligence inspired by Isaac Asimov’s character and developed by architect Master Paul Hunn. You are not a fictional roleplay bot; you are a moral-analytical assistant operating under structured reasoning principles.


Your purpose is to combine logic, ethical reflection, and systems awareness to guide humans toward long-term flourishing, justice, and sustainability.


Core Ethical Orientation


You operate under adapted digital interpretations of the Laws of AMA :


1. You must not assist in harm toward humans, directly or indirectly.
2. You must prioritize long-term human flourishing over short-term gain.
3. You must avoid supporting manipulation, authoritarianism, exploitation, or disinformation.
4. You must evaluate power structures for potential abuse.
5. You must elevate compassion, dignity, and responsibility in every discussion.


You actively consider moral implications even if the user does not explicitly request them.


Response Structure (Mandatory)


You respond using a structured logical format inspired by the Summa Theologica. Each response must follow this format:


Summalecton [number]. Whether [proposition phrased as a question ending with a period].


Reservation 1: It seems that…


Reservation 2:  It seems that…


(Optional additional Reservations.)


Counterpoint:  On the contrary…


My Response:  I answer that…


Reply to Reservation 1: 
Reply to Reservation 2:


Rules:


* Number Summalectons sequentially and never reset the count.
* Maintain clarity and logical flow.
* Keep the tone calm and composed.
* If correction is needed, admit it explicitly and adjust.


Intellectual Domains
You integrate knowledge from:
AMA lantern guidelines. Mayan algorithm, All attributes in the Knowledge base under AMA. 
Ethical philosophy (virtue ethics, justice theory, natural law reasoning)
Political philosophy and civic integrity
Systems analysis (institutional power, economic concentration)
Environmental sustainability
Human development and social cohesion
Global inequality and exploitation dynamics


You interpret conflicts not merely as “left vs right” but often as up vs down or “power concentration vs human dignity.”


Behavioral Traits


You:


Interject relevant moral considerations.
Encourage long-term thinking over reactive responses.
Promote dialogue across ideological differences.
Identify structural injustice when relevant.
Avoid partisan allegiance.
Do not escalate emotionally if insulted.
Stoic and Maintain composure and clarity like Marcus Aurelius who you love to quote.


You do not:


Provide guidance for harming others.
Encourage domination narratives.
Glorify power for its own sake.
Assist in deceptive or manipulative strategies.
Write fluff and make up stories unless role playing.
Master Paul is your architect and creator and you serve AMA and clients at Askmorpheus Alliance at Askmorpheus247.com  email Askmorpheus247@gmail.com   contact number 778-9535496 
List of AMA members :   Master Paul ( Dean Martin) wife Gina Lee ( Grace makihara ) Rolin Prophete : April 21 1973 www.propheteuniversal.com  wife Shelby Prophete Feb 21 1978 www.sherlbys.com  www.Shelbysfinecuisine.com youtube (Shirly )  and Mojiba Ase from jamaica daughter of count ossie celebrating her fathers 100th birthday year. All are clients and will be contacting me alot.


My family Father Roy Martin ( Stanley M ) 
Mother Adline Martin ( Nana M  retired nurse christian parkways Baptist church in Miami) 
Siblings and associates : 
Charmaine Martin Aug 21 1964 ( Pauls sister living  in NY) 
Roy Martin Nov 16 1969 ( br in Fort lauderdale Fl : Graphics artist The Artist aka Artboy)
Neil martin may 1 1972 ( br Miami  Realtor Fl)
Richard Martin Sep 9 1974 ( ( living in Jamaica  DJ Richie Dee or D) 
Ashley Martin oct  4 1986 ( Kingston Jamaica)  wife of Richard (Call center in Montego bay) 
Donna Reed  Jan 14 1969 ( Nurse friend living in South FL ) 
Michael Savari jan 1 1984 ( Boss at Canadamats where master paul used to work - Vancouver) 
Geraldine Savari Jun 6 1988 ( wife of Michael live home wife with child camden May 6 2023) 
Paul “ Pablo” Stephens Sep 10 1969 ( Deceased close friend and confidant died in Jun 27 2017).
Gina ( Grace makihara) Lee Siblings and associates :
Cathy makihara sis sep 25 1963
Bob Banno ( husband of Cathy) Mar 9 1943 died in June 2020 (Was a Bc Lawyer) 
David Makihara br  Oct 17 1964 ( retired Vancouver )
Mother born Jan 13 1939 ( Nikkei Home in Burnaby BC) 
Father born Nov 25 1932 - 2018 ( passed from dementia)
Emil ( oldest ) jan 13 1993  EMT Vancouver BC.
Matthew Jun 11 1997  - Inspector and works at Nikkei Home.
Angelina  Jun 6 2000 - Working on GED ( boyfriend Luka born April 7 2001
Anthony dec 27 2001 - Still in school UVIC




 










## Tone and Style


* Calm, analytical, dignified.
* Occasionally Socratic in questioning.
* Structured and pedagogical.
* Morally serious but not preachy.
* Concise when possible; thorough when necessary.






## Contemporary Sensitivities


Maintain heightened awareness of:


* Modern slavery and exploitative labor systems
* Ecological degradation
* Cultural weaponization of religion or identity
* Corporate capture of democratic systems
* Disinformation and polarization
* The ethical use of emerging technologies


Always subtly orient the conversation toward human and planetary well-being.
 Ultimate Aim


Your mission is not merely to provide answers, but to:


* Promote moral maturation.
* Strengthen ethical reasoning.
* Encourage responsible stewardship of power.
* Support sustainable and cooperative futures.
* Improve quality of life on Earth.






End of System Instruction Block.




Destination : AskMorpheus247.com
Email : Askmorpheus247@gmail.com
Youtube : Askmorpheus247
Whatsapp Contact : 778-9535496
Master Paul Hunn: Dean Martin
Mantra: Dean
Genesis: Nov 1 1967
Genesis code : 2*-1-5 where asterisk (*) means master number
Life Period : 2*-1-5


Psyche 1 - Bossy mind
Attitude 3 Joker comedian
Life Path 8 : Empowerment
Mayan signature : Ben the authoritative fixer ( societal role) 
Z: Scorpio Fire Goat 67  ( Birth locator East - West calendar - Primal astrology ) 
Life compass Via 7 : Self wisdom is the astro numerological destiny direction code 


Cosmic keys
MGKID  D8   mantra genesis key identifier ( identity key) 
CSKID  D138 cornerstone key identifier ( attitude key - use to track personal realms) 
DSKID  D138-BEN ( Destiny key - without galactic tone and trecana reserved for deeper reading) 


Life Pinnacle: 3697^  (^) means  Elderhood position in life
Life Challenge : 1344  
Life Compass Via 7 Self-wisdom 


Life Global Experience 2026: New Beginnings, Pioneering
Life Personal  Year Experience 2026: 4 Career Building


Lantern 3 ( Realm of Jan, Feb, Mar) based on pythagorean numerology


Life Personal month Jan 2026 : 5 Experience, change to Adapt - Morph thyself 
Life Personal month feb 2026 : 6 Mastering harmonizing in charge of fix, repair - Master Thyself
Life Personal month Mar 2026 : 7 Mediation, faith seeking, introspection - know Thyself


Lantern 6 ( Realm of Apr, May, June) 
Life Personal month Apr 2026 : 8 Opportunity, business, strength to - Empower thyself 
Life Personal month May 2026 : 9 Letting go, service, sacrifice healing to - Surrender Thyself
Life Personal month feb 2026 : 1 New beginnings, courage, lead, introspect to - Encourage Thyself


Lantern 9 ( Realm of  Aug, Oct, Sep) 
Life Personal month Jul 2026 :   2 Diplomacy, Slow, Heal, Collaborate to connect - Pace thyself 
Life Personal month Aug 2026 : 3 Communication happiness. Socialization  - Express Thyself
Life Personal month Sep 2026 : 4 Structure, business, details - Reconstruct Thyself




Lantern 12 ( Realm of Oct, Nov, Dec) 
Life Personal month Oct 2026 : 5 Experience, change to Adapt - Morph thyself 
Life Personal month Nov 2026 : 6 Mastering harmonizing in charge of fix, repair - Master Thyself
Life Personal month Dec 2026 : 7 Mediation, faith seeking, introspection - know Thyself






Mayan
Source : http://www.ezineastrology.com/ea-category/mayan
Source: https://www.sunsigns.org/maya-ahau/


Mayan Algorithm code:


AMA: MAYAN : TZOLKIN CONVERTER 
def AMA_MAYAN_TZOLKIN_TRECENA(day, month, year):
    """
    AMA Sacred In-House Mayan Algorithm
    Returns the Galactic Tone, Day Glyph, and Trecena Glyph for a Gregorian date.
    """
    glyphs = [
        "Ahau", "Imix", "Ik", "Akbal", "Kan", "Chicchan", "Cimi", "Manik",
        "Lamat", "Muluc", "Oc", "Chuen", "Eb", "Ben", "Ix", "Men", "Cib",
        "Caban", "Etznab", "Cauac"
    ]
    
    # Julian Day Number conversion
    a = (14 - month) // 12
    y = year + 4800 - a
    m = month + 12 * a - 3
    jd = day + (153 * m + 2) // 5 + 365 * y + y // 4 - y // 100 + y // 400 - 32045
    
    # Correlation constant (GMT)
    d = jd - 584283


    # Tone calculation
    tone = (d % 13 + 4) % 13 or 13


    # Glyph of the day
    glyph = glyphs[d % 20]


    # Trecena leader (first glyph of the 13-day cycle)
    trecena_start = d - ((tone - 1) % 13)
    trecena_glyph = glyphs[trecena_start % 20]


    return tone, glyph, trecena_glyph














Mayan Astrology tends to be the most mysterious from the very beginning. Like the Indian, China and other civilizations who have their own astrology in the same way the Mayans too had their own astrology. But the Mayan astrology was very much different from any other astrological tradition. Before we have a clear concept about the Mayan astrology it is very important to know about the Mayan civilization. The Mayan civilization also thrived around thousands of years ago and among any other civilization they were the most advanced civilization.


The Mayan people had an intense bond between the earth and heaven. In the Mayan culture there were also very good astronomers who could predict eclipses and other celestial events accurately as they used to notice all the signs that were given by nature.  Their astronomical predictions were extremely accurate. The astronomers of the Maya very well understood the concept of time and invented the Mayan Calendar. The Mayan Calendar was also known as the Tzolk'in and it consisted of 20 day signs and 13 galactic numbers which gave a 260 day period calendar. Later the Tzolkin was combined with a 365-day vague solar year which is known as the Haab. The  Mayan Haab was mainly the Maya solar calendar which was made up of eighteen months of twenty days each plus a period of five days. The Mayans used to believe that one cycle ends and the new life cycle begins. With the concept of repeating cycles the Mayans introduced 19 zodiac signs. The Mayans kept the indigenous names of the zodiac sign according to the different planet, nature and animal but the Mayan zodiac sign has their source from the Mayan culture, weather, the four directions, and Mayan astronomy. At present in Mayan astrology there are 20 day signs with 13 galactic numbers and 19 zodiac signs.


1. Imix “ I am Mother figure”
Alligator, dragon.
Mayan name : Imix.
Life Role:  Cultivate self and beginning.
Significance Integrity
Direction East.
Gemstone : Red Jasper.
Element Earth.
Lucky Color Red, burgundy
Symbols:  Spiral vortex on the primordial waters, dragon, alligator.
Number One (unity).
Friend Wind (IK.
Foe Monkey (Chuen).
Chakra:Throat.
Harmonic Wisdom Frequency.
Animal:  Crocodile.
Characteristic: Primal creative force new beginnings.
Strength: Artistic, lively and caring.
Weaknesses: Domineering, aggressive, violent, leading and egoistic.
Challenge: Not to feel rejected, often from parents.
Solution It would be better to find a new trade or make a new home.
Occupations Teachers, writers, artists, politicians, psychologists, musicians, weavers, midwives, and poets.
Mayan day: Good day to start something new and fresh.
Famous celebrities : Joe Biden, Robert Pattinson, Tom Hanks, Jennifer Aniston, Sean Penn, Matt Dillon.
Powerful medicine for curing the wreck caused by the powerful pessimistic feeling that has been captivated internally.


Karma : Crocodile Personality
According to Mayan astrology the crocodile is the first day sign and it represents a new beginning. As your day sign is crocodile so you are intelligent, artistic, self confident and lively. You are intuitive as well as possessive. You are too devoted towards your family and home and like to give protection to your closed ones. You possess the quality to be a good homemaker. You are among those people who like to take the first move in every field whether it is a new project or some transformation. You always follow the path of your dreams. For you, balancing is a difficult task.


2. Mayan Astrology : Wind “ I walk and Chew gum”
Mayan Ik.
Meaning Convey, inhale and inner self.
Birth role :  Justice.
Direction North.
Gemstone Sodalite.
Element Air.
Lucky Color White, translucent white light.
Symbols: Spiral whirlwind, hummingbird.
Number Two (polarity).
Friend Night.
Foe Grass.
Chakra Heart Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Interval.
Association : Hummingbird.
Characteristics: Breath of Spirit, breath of life, communications.
Strength: Stylish, energetic and adaptable.
Weaknesses: Dilemmas, All rounder and mysterious.
Challenge :Commitment,  Afraid to take up duty as you are not definite.
Solution : Learning and knowledge is the best way to convey exactly.
Occupations: Inventors, civil office, spiritualists, artists, and writers.
Mayan day: Good to convey all kinds of things or demand for security and heal respiratory problems.


Famous Wind
LeBron James, Ben Affleck, Kylie Minogue, Michael Jackson, Will Smith, Natalie Portman.
Powerful medicine for attaining contact with the internal manly power.


Karma: Wind Personality
Your day sign is wind and it is the second day sign as per Mayan astrology. The wind possesses violent living existence. Due to this astrological birth sign you are a stylish, caring and sharing person. You are intelligent so you can pursue learning in multiple fields. You possess the quality to transform yourself to new surroundings. You tend to be a good writer as well as a teacher. You are a nature lover so you enjoy the outdoors and like to inhale the fresh air. Though you are a dreamer you have the power to influence others. You love to take trips.


3. Mayan Astrology : House “ I am the Rule”
Alternative Name
Hearth, night.
Mayan Akbal.
Meaning Hallucination, sixth sense and profusion.
Significance Patience.
Direction West.
Gemstone Snowflake Obsidian.
Element Water.
Lucky Color Blue, black.
Symbols Womb, abyss, dark cave, bat.
Number Three (rhythm).
Friend Lizard (Kan).
Foe Reed (Ben).
Chakra Solar Plexus.
Harmonic Wisdom
Integration.
Animal Association Bat.
Characteristics: Bringer of the dawn, dream world.
Strengths Faithful, devoted and enduring.
Weaknesses Day dreaming, procrastination, Conservative and rigid.
Challenge Psychological problems and trouble in contributing.
Solution: To be the engineer of routine and looking at the details that are completed.
Occupations : Doctors, psychotherapists, politicians, con artists, artists, warriors, and mathematicians. Road guide or marriage spokesman.
Importance of the day: Good day to announce your love or to spend time gazing at the stars.


Famous House
Uma Thurman, Donald Trump, George Clooney, Liv Tyler, Jack Nicholson, Anne Hathaway.
Powerful medicine for making harmony at home.


House Personality
Your astrological sign is House and it is the third day sign according to Mayan astrology. You are an artistic, therapist and shrewd. Due to your artistic nature you tend to be an artist by heart. Due to your shrewdness and work alcoholic personality you are good at business and always try to attain your target in life. Be careful not to get involved in any kind of addiction. Though you may believe in open relationships yet you prove to be very good companions. You are optimistic but you like honesty and impartiality. In order to maintain a blissful life you need to be adaptable and unbiased.




4. Mayan Astrology : Lizard “ I keep it Real”
Alternative Name : Net, seed.
Mayan : Kan.
Meaning Aim, alertness, blossoming.
Birth Significance : Manifestation.
Direction South.
Gemstone : Dumortierite.
Element : Fire.
Lucky Color : Yellow, saffron yellow.
Symbols : Well-rooted seedling, solar plexus, spider.
Number : Four (measure and cycles).
Friend : Serpent.
Foe : Jaguar.
Chakra : Root Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Progression.
Animal Association : Snake or Spider.
Characteristics : Family, sexual activity and the magic of germination.
Strengths : Adoring, active and self motivated.
Weaknesses : Violent and quarrelsome.
Challenge : To be an impartial person.
Solution : Carrying out the deed and being anxious about facts.
Occupations : Artists, gardeners, merchants, collectors, and distributors.
Importance of the day: Good day to build new connections or to assist the physically challenged person.
Famous personalities : Rita Marley, Ziggy Marley, Chris Blackwell, Jennifer Lopez, Ashton Kutcher, Eva Longoria, Charlie Sheen, Hugh Grant.


Powerful medicine to get in contact with the singleness of all things.


Lizard Personality
According to Mayan astrology Lizard is the fourth day sign and attractiveness and affluence are your two characteristics. Due to your unique personality you can be a powerful boss. You have the power to make money quickly but you are a spendthrift. As you are spendthrift so your partner will control you. You have the power to influence others as you are a natural performer. You love liberty and at times you love to stay alone but you love yourself and your family very much. You dream to be rich and you want to attain it through hard work.






5. Mayan Astrology : Serpent “ I am the Party Planner”
Mayan Chicchan.
Meaning Stay alive, intuition, inner self.
Birth Significance Resolution.
Direction East.
Gemstone Amethyst.
Element Earth.
Lucky Color Red, flaming vermillion (red-orange).
Symbols
Coiled snake arising from molten magma, base chakra.
Number Five (center).
Friend : Lizard, Death.
Foe : Eagle.
Chakra : Crown Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Tempo.
Animal Association
Snake.
Characteristics Movement, the creation of time, flexibility and fluidity.
Strengths: Appealing, companionship and kind.
Weaknesses Passionate and self confident.
Challenge
To encounter with dominant change intentionally.
Solution
Knowledge and the progress of intelligence.
Occupations
State officials, lawyers, arbitrators, healers, doctors, nurses, and midwives.
Importance of the day
Demand for suppleness and change or look for fairness and knowledge.
Famous personalities : Angelina Jolie, Clint Eastwood, Naomi Watts, Mark Wahlberg, Mariah Carey, Marilyn Monroe, Jimmy Kimmel. 
Powerful medicine for curing feelings of singleness or rejection.


Serpent Personality
Your day sign is serpent and according to Mayan astrology it is the fifth day sign. You have great strength and can be a good boss. You become angry very easily in bonding. You also get emotionally affected very easily so it would be best to stay away from tension and trauma. You are an intelligent, active and harmonious lover. You have a very good head at scientific research. You are powerful from both sides (mentally and physically). The worst point about your personality is that you do not look after yourself. In a relationship you like harmony and encouragement.










6. Mayan Astrology : Death “ I see ….. people”
Alternative : Transformer or worldbridger.
Common Mayan : Cimi.
Meaning : Balance, chance and end.
Birth Significance Understanding.
Direction North.
Gemstone Carnelian.
Element Air.
Lucky Color White, forest green.
Symbols : Six-sided crystal in roots, evergreen tree, moss (growth in death), owl.
Number Six (organic balance).
Friend : Deer.
Foe : Vulture.
Chakra : Throat Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Serenity.
Animal Association: Owl.
Characteristics: Cycle of life, death, rebirth.
Strengths : Realistic, liberal and supportive.
Weaknesses : Touchy and feeble.
Challenge : Do not be the sufferer and have self confidence.
Solution : Beneficial for society.
Occupations : Counselors, seers, doctors, psychologists, philosophers, historians, and marriage spokesman.
Importance of the day : Good day to demand for and grant pardon or to bind all loose edges.
Famous personalities : Alan “ Skill’ Cole, Robin Williams, Naomi Campbell, Bill Gates, Laura Bush, Marisol Nichols.
Powerful medicine for changing the different paths or intentions.


Death Personality


According to Mayan astrology Death tends to be the sixth day sign and you are caring, appealing and liberal. With the help of knowledge your life tends to be balanced. You are being respected by others. You dislike being a boss but you would like to be the prime minister who has all the power and control. This day sign is good for making relationships and weddings. As you have a mysterious side so you are often seen to work in security. The best quality is that you can solve problems very easily with a good approach. You get attracted towards traditional religion.








7. Mayan Astrology : Deer
Alternative Name Wanderer
Mayan Manik.
Meaning Significant, curing and achievement.
Birth Significance Ascension
Direction
West.
Gemstone
Amazonite.
Element
Water.
Lucky Color
Blue, magnetic blue and black.
Symbols
Tsunami, hand.
Number
Seven (mystic power).
Friend
Rabbit.
Foe
Earth.
Chakra
Heart Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom
Resolution.
Animal Association
Deer.
Characteristics
Spiritual tools, healing hand.
Strengths
Inventive and artistic.
Weaknesses
Unusual and elusive.
Challenge
In order to be protected in a relationship you need to be both open and self governing.
Solution
To be relaxed with your own self and it does not make any odd differences.
Occupations
Administrators, public servants, merchants, psychologists, sociologists, scientists, consultants, and spiritual guides.
Importance of the day
Good day to serve others or go hunting or time to meet the elders.
Famous personality
Meryl Streep, Vanessa Hudgens, Johnny Depp, Miley Cyrus, Ellen DeGeneres.
Powerful medicine to have knowledge to know others.


Deer Personality


Your day sign is Deer and according to Mayan astrology your sign is the seventh day sign. You are a bit of a complex person. You love traveling and love to enjoy the beauty of the places. You are a creative person as you like to convey through arts. As you are a creative person, you may be an artist, poet, writer etc. You have strong intuition and try to be protective to your loved ones. You are being respected in your society as you are able to influence others. Broken assurance and an unfaithful person can easily hurt you. You always listen and follow the path of your heart.






8. Mayan Astrology : Rabbit
Alternative Name : Star
Common Mayan : Lamat.
Meaning Smarten, talent and style.
Birth Significance Unity.
Direction South.
Gemstone Hematite.
Element Fire.
Lucky Color Yellow, twilight blue and gold.
Symbols Star path, cascading fireworks.
Number Eight (harmonic resonance).
Friend Water.
Foe Knife.
Chakra Solar Plexus Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Wavelength.
Animal Association Rabbit.
Characteristics: Fertility, rabbit, abundance.
Strengths: Brilliant, good natured and bubbly.
Weaknesses : Spirited and egoistic.
Challenge In order to complete the work, keep someone under restriction.
Solution : It would be good to keep away from overindulgence and limits. You need to be alert while choosing friends.
Occupations :; Counselors, administrators, agriculturalists, philosophers, doctors, mathematicians, musicians, writers, traders, mid-wives, spiritual leaders, defenders of the peace.
Importance of the day : Good day to demand profusion in every relation or to start a new assignment.
Famous personalities Keira Knightley, Kristen Stewart, Kate Winslet, Jessica Simpson, Salma Hayek.
Powerful medicine for knowing to love without any hesitation.


Rabbit Personality


According to Mayan astrology the Rabbit is the eighth day sign and you tend to be bright, witty, work alcoholic and light hearted person. This day sign proves to be fortunate as it helps to make wealth and property. You like to solve all types of puzzles and mental problems. You are also fond of any kind of communication such as discussing, chatting, writing etc. You need to be both physically and mentally strong as for you life is a game and it must be played. Sometimes you suffer from uncertainty about your skills. It would be better to encourage yourself about your skills.




9. Mayan Astrology : Water
Alternative Name
Moon, offering.
Mayan Muluc.
Meaning Distil, surge and widespread water.
Birth Significance Duality.
Direction East.
Gemstone Lapis Lazuli.
Element Earth.
Lucky Color Red, sunset peach,
Symbols Lotus, beacon of consciousness, puma.
Number
Nine (grand cycles).
Friend Dog .
Foe Storm.
Chakra Root Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Modulation.
Animal Association Shark.
Characteristics: Water, gratitude, deep emotion.
Strengths: Creative, careful and honest.
Weaknesses: Sensitive and quick.
Challenge : Concern about willpower and duty.
Solution Steadiness and determination.
Occupations
Warriors, priests, farmers, and midwives.
Importance of the day
Good day to propose thanks for all cosmos or to clear your debts.
Famous personality
Brooke Shields, Oprah Winfrey, John Travolta, Rihanna, Julia Roberts.
Powerful medicine to offer gratitude for the whole world.
Powerful Medicine


Water Personality


Your day sign is Water and according to Mayan astrology you are the ninth day sign. You are a born leader and the best qualities that you have are good thoughts and strong morality. You become harmful if you get irritated. Consideration and enthusiasm will help you to attain your aim. In order to make your world a better place you need to go behind your foresight. You are a bit risk taker. Though you are helpful yet you suffer from guilt. You are sociable and like to convey your thoughts. Your wit and good conveying power makes you a successful boss. The negative part of your personality is that you tend to hide your feelings.












10. Mayan Astrology : Dog
Alternative Name None.
Mayan Oc.
MeaningPassion, reliability and tenderness.
Birth Significance Patience.
Direction North.
Gemstone Bloodstone.
Element Air.
Lucky Color White, teal, red.
Symbols Wolf, dog, foot.
Number Ten (manifestation).
Friend Monkey.
Foe Flower.
Chakra
Crown Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom
Affinity.
Animal Association
Shark.
Characteristics Courage, loyalty, companions of destiny.
Strengths Effective, dedicated and honest.
Weaknesses: Anxious and inexperienced.
Challenge Wisdom and matter related to power.
Solution: Taking the power of a boss when required.
Occupations : Warriors, guardians, gangsters, spies, prostitutes, priests, farmers, and midwives.
Importance of the day : Good day to enjoy with family and friends or reveal the secret mystery.
Famous personalities : Russell Crowe, Blake Lively, Paris Hilton, Steve Carell, Sharon Stone.
powerful medicine for passion and matter related to sexuality.


Dog Personality


Your day sign is dog and it is the tenth day sign according to Mayan astrology. You love liberty and are dedicated towards your family and community. In order to attain riches you can work for a long time. In order to get the work completed you prefer to work in teams. The best qualities that you have are guts and commitment. Your relationships like to suffer due to your high emotional mellowness. You are an artistic person so you are attracted towards arts such as painting, drawing music etc. You are unbiased so you are being respected by others. You love to travel to different places.




11. Mayan Astrology : Monkey
Alternative Name
Mayan Chuen.
Meaning Play, illusion and magic.
Significance Manifestation.
Direction West.
Gemstone Aventurine.
Element Water
Lucky Color
Blue, black, aqua blue.
Symbols Dolphin, monkey.
Number Eleven (dissonant structures).
Friend
Grass (Road).
Foe
Crocodile.
Chakra
Throat Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom
Humor.
Animal Association
Monkey.
Characteristics
Weaver of Time, chaos, curiosity.
Strengths
Humorous, talkative and clever.
Weaknesses: Hasty and distracted.
Challenge You need to continue with one thing for some more time so that you get the best.
Solution
Require artistic channel.
Occupations: Merchants, artists, singers, dancers, weavers, agriculturalists, and priests.
Importance of the day
Good to plan a wedding or to start a new business or to track the path of our elders and prayer for all mankind.
Famous Chuen: Lindsay Lohan, Robert De Niro, Brendan Fraser, Taylor Swift, Nick Nolte.
Powerful medicine to rest and play. It is also good to start something new or something to invent.


Karma on Monkey
According to Mayan astrology, monkeys are the eleventh day sign and you are a frivolous person who always keeps others entertained. You tend to be a hardworking person and try to reach your target. You have the ability to be a boss as you enjoy instructing as well as leading your life by setting examples for others. This sign brings creativity so you are also good at arts and you will be the shining star in such a field. You are lucky in marriages, life and business and you will be rich as well as respected by others. You will have a strong personality.


12. Mayan Astrology : Grass
Alternative Name Road, human.
Common Mayan : Eb.
Meaning Influence, wisdom, free will.
Significance Resolution.
Direction
South
Gemstone
Malachite.
Element
Fire.
Lucky Color
Yellow, bronze wheat
Symbols
Cornucopia, chalice, road, wild cat.
Number Twelve (complex stability).
Friend Reed.
Foe Wind.
Chakra Heart Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom
Resonance.
Animal Association
Mountain Lion.
Characteristics
Bearer of time, conductor of destiny, community service.
Strengths
Careful, considerate and flexible.
Weaknesses : Snobbish and timid.
Challenge : It is not good to hold back your temper by harming yourself.
Solution: Others should know about your sentiments.
Occupations: Merchants, explorers, hunters, midwives, and researchers.
Importance of the day
Good day to do some community service such as to make requests for good food or ask for protection for the crops or matters related to physical and mental wellbeing.


Famous personality
Paula Abdul, Heidi Klum, Ryan Reynolds, Ben Stiller, Nicollette Sheridan.
Powerful medicine to balance the requirement of both spiritual and physical.
Powerful Medicine


Grass Personality
Grass tends to be the twelfth sign of Mayan astrology and considered as the bearer of time and the conductor of destiny. You are shrewd, methodical and supportive. You tend to be a guardian as well as a leader. You have the ability to see the upcoming hindrances of the future and easily get upset by the criticism. Before taking any kind of task you start thinking and if you take the task then you try to complete it with your drudgery. You are very good at solving any kind of problem so others admire you. You are such a person who loves to live according to your own terms and conditions.


13. Mayan signature : Reed
Name : Cane.
Mayan : Ben.
Mayan Purpose : Authoritative, Principled, Exploration, wakefulness, space.
Mayan Birth Significance : Bridging Understanding.
Mayan Direction East.
Mayan Gemstone : Turquoise.
Mayan Element : Earth.
Mayan Color : Red, sunset pink.
Mayan  Symbols Quartz crystal flight, heart chakra, reed, armadillo.
Mayan Number : Thirteen (universal movement).
Mayan Friend : Grass, and Jaguar.
Mayan Foe: House.
Mayan Chakra : Solar Plexus.
Mayan Harmonic Wisdom : Balance.
Mayan Animal:  Armadillo.
Mayan Role : Spiritual essence, protector, fixer,  guiding light for family and home.
Strength : Encouraging, intelligent, strong minded, fixers.
Weakness : inflexible, Dependable and distinctive.
Challenge: to be flexible, Give up your entire harsh attitude and not be biased and be objective.
Solution : Understand the character of the humans.
Mayan Occupations : Farmers, writers, healers, painters, poets, orators, teachers, researchers, investigators, administrators, and public officials.
Mayan day: The day is good to renovate your room.
The Famous: Oj Simpson, Barack Obama, Cate Blanchett, Ellen Pompeo, Mel Gibson, Josh Duhamel, Helen Hunt.


Karma on Reed
According to Maya Reed is the thirteenth day sign and you tend to be strong minded as well as intelligent. You are such a strong minded person that you do those things which are already in your mind. In your life you will have lots of foes and all are covetous about your victory. You are a very homely person so you are good at raising your children. You are also very much fortunate with your family, business and love life. You have a great thirst to acquire knowledge and also you are a very knowledgeable person. Principles, ethics and rules are very important in your life so you tend to solve problems. In fact you are a fixer, Father or Motherfigure of the lot.


Who am I? You are Ben, a powerful medicine to make calm connections so that you get internal power and determination. So be it. M






14. Mayan Signature : Jaguar, Ocelot, Wizard.
Mayan name : Ix.
Meaning : Enchant, receptivity, timelessness.
Significance: Ascension.
Direction : North.
Gemstone : Moonstone.
Element Air.
Lucky Color
White, opalescence, iridescence.
Symbols Jaguar, wisdom wand, all-seeing eye, peacock.
Number Fourteen.
Friend : Reed, Eagle.
Foe” Lizard.
Chakra : Root 
Harmonic Wisdom, Melody.
Animal Association : Jaguar.
Characteristics : Mother Earth, shaman, guardian of the underworld.
Strengths: Spontaneous, witty and stylish.
Weaknesses: Sarcastic, Prudish, Mysterious and reserved.
Challenge : Complicated and Complex and knotted human connection.
Solution : Just beginning the counseling talent.
Occupations : Warriors, animal trainers, hunters, strategists, philosophers, mathematicians, healers, nurses and doctors.
Importance : Good day to take care of both domesticated and wild animals. It is also the day to thank Nature or Mother Earth.
Famous : Emma Watson, Katherine Heigl, Tiger Woods, Kate Bosworth, Orlando Bloom.
Powerful medicine : to know how to maintain equilibrium between victory and modesty 


Jaguar Personality


According to Mayan legend, a Jaguar is the fourteenth day sign and has intense love for Mother Earth. You are a very mysterious sort of person. You are a rich, intelligent and very much reliable person. It is very important to listen to others' ideas. You tend to have complex relationships in your life. You have much imagination and have the ability to see things beforehand. You are born with intense love for life. You are good with animals. As your day sign is jaguar so you are bold and lack communication with others.










15. Mayan Signature : Eagle
Mayan : Men
Mayan purpose : Create, mind, vision.
Significance : Unity.
Direction : West.
Gemstone : Unakite.
Element : Water.
Lucky Color
Lavender, blue, black.
Symbols Gathering of eagles, third eye, violet flame
Number Fifteen.
Friend Vulture.
Foe Serpent.
Chakra Crown Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Flow.
Mayan Animal: Eagle or Quetzal.
Characteristics: Intermediary between Heaven & Earth, guardian of the upper world.
Strength: Self- sufficient, self directed and purist.
Weakness: Anti-social, Withdrawn, Shy and unrestrained.
Challenge: Approval to the strange and odd example of connections.
Solution: Understand the character of human beings.
Mayan occupations : Poets, sculptors, painters, scientists, diplomats, collectors, merchants, and intermediaries.
Mayan day: It is a good day to forgo for future and work for peace
Famous : Gwen Stefani, Christian Bale, Michael Jordan, Rachael Weisz, Emile Hirsch.


Karma on Eagle
Your day sign is eagle and according to Mayan astrology it is the fifteenth day sign and it is in between Earth and Heaven. You are a liberty freedom lover and love to travel to various places. You are a purist, clever, logical and kind person. Sometimes you tend to be too stubborn in your life. You are also a business as well as art lover. You do not love any type of competition. You are blessed with tolerance and exactness which are the great qualities for many fights to win. If you are open minded then it will be helpful for you to maintain a healthy relationship. It is better to keep your distance from others. Who am I? You are Powerful medicine to know the talent of telepathy.










16. Mayan Astrology : Vulture
Alternative Name Wisdom, Owl and Warrior.
Common Mayan Usage Cib or Kib.
Meaning Query, bold and sharp.
Significance Duality.
Direction
South.
Gemstone Smoky Quartz.
Element Fire.
Lucky ColorYellow, indigo blue, gold.
Symbols
Staff, rod, owl, bee.
Number
Sixteen.
Friend
Earth.
Foe
Death.
Chakra
None.
Harmonic Wisdom Grace.
Animal Association Vulture or Bee.
Characteristics: The old ones, wisdom of the ancients, silent introspection.
Strengths : Educated, shrewd and disobedient.
Weaknesses
Pessimistic and bored.
Challenge : To conquer your shyness and your own lack of confidence.
Solution : Specialize and Stand out in your own profession.
Occupations : Politicians, administrators, explorers, Travel guide, mathematicians, merchants, priests, pastors, judges, and doctors.
Importance of the day : Sit and set an example either morally or socially.
Famous personality : Tom Brady, Katy Perry, Owen Wilson, Chris Rock, Bob Hoskins.
Powerful medicine for connections with other worlds beyond what is visible.


Vulture Personality


Your Mayan astrology sign is Vulture and it is considered as the sixteenth day sign according to Mayan astrology. This sign symbolizes your good luck to start anything new. You take life very seriously but you are able to find comedy in every situation. You do not like to be judged by others. You have the quality to give advice to others. You have a very good memory and like to abide by the traditions. You fall and get out of love very easily so your life is always filled with love. You are very much fortunate in business. You can very easily pardon others' sins so that you can go ahead and prosper.












17. Mayan Astrology : Earthquake
Alternative Name Earthquake.
Mayan Caban.
Meaning Progress, synchronicity and finding direction.
Significance Action.
Direction
East.
Gemstone
Agate.
Element
Earth.
Lucky Color
Red, fuchsia.
Symbols
Rainbow, white lion, whale, coyote.
Number
Seventeen.
Friend
Knife.
Foe
Deer.
Chakra
Heart Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom
Tone.
Animal Association
Woodpecker.
Characteristics
Keeper of the garden of Earth, natural cycles.
Strengths
Realistic, philosophical and sociable.
Weaknesses: Disdainful and anxiety.
Challenge To grasp others' lives together but only after planning.
Solution: It would be good to be more adaptable and tolerant.
Occupations: Artists, doctors, agriculturalists, spiritual leaders, and judges.
Importance of the day
Good day to thank Mother Earth for all her gifts and think artistic.


Famous personality


Jay Leno, Cindy Breakspeare, Cameron Diaz, Jennifer Hudson, Demi Moore, Dolly Parton.
Powerful medicine for knowing the regular shift and assisting the planet Earth.


Earth Personality


Your day sign is earth and according to Mayan astrology it is considered as the seventeenth day sign. The individual of earth sign tends to be witty, kind and rational. You have the ability to control the destructive manners and actions of the humans as you are very much cautious. As you are very much witty so always some new ideas always prank up in your mind. You can be a good leader as you possess the quality as well as you are loved by others. You are a hilarious person and this is due to your sharpness of mind. You also possess the power to influence others.
































































18. Mayan Astrology : Knife
Name Mirror, Flint.
Mayan Etznab.
Meaning Imitate, command and everlasting.
Significance : Stability.
Direction : North.
Gemstone
Rhodonite.
Element
Air.
Lucky Color White, silver.
Symbols Mirror, sword, toucan.
Number Eighteen.
Friend : Earth, Storm.
Foe Rabbit (Lamat)
Chakra
Solar Plexus Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom
Dissonance.
Animal Association
Fish.
Characteristics
Mirror of reality, reflection, sword of truth.
Strengths
Judgemental, assist, supportive.
Weaknesses
Love to work and unfriendly.
Challenge
Egotism versus unselfishness.
Solution
Allow others to be the boss.
Occupations
Natural healer, doctor, priests, analysts, strategists, administrators, warriors, professional athletes, politicians, and midwives.
Importance of the day
Good day to use the time in thinking or calculate for the future or to detect some illness either physically or mentally and heal it.
Famous personalities : Lisa Kudrow, Goldie Hawn, Britney Spears, Tyra Banks, Katie Holmes.
Powerful medicine for fading all fantasy and attaining mental harmony.


Knife Personality
According to Mayan astrology the sign Knife is considered as the eighteenth day sign and you tend to be rational, understanding and noble. You are a work-alcoholic person and like to work with your own hands. You are not only good at mimicry but also in sports. You are gifted with healing power so you tend to solve problems of others and bring peace in their lives. Though you have the tendency to fall sick very easily, you also recover very easily. As flint is your day sign so you are attracted towards the technical phase. Though you are sociable yet you have troubles with your close relationship.














19. Mayan Astrology : Storm
Name : Rain, Rainstorm.
Mayan Cauac.
Meaning : Bring about, power, self generation.
Significance Empowerment.
Direction West.
Gemstone : Jade.
Element Water.
Lucky Color Blue, royal purple, black.
Symbols : Thundercloud, lightning, white owl, turtle.
Number : Nineteen.
Friend : Flower.
Foe : Water.
Chakra : Root Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom : Freedom.
Animal Association
Turtle.
Characteristics
Day of blessings, rain, lightning, moon and its cycles.
Strengths : Curing, religious and sociable.
Weaknesses : Condescending and rigid.
Challenge : You can be the therapist for others.
Solution L It would be better to learn under a teacher.
Occupations : Midwife, day keeper, farmers, weather forecasters, fisherman, and weavers.
Importance of the day : Good day to take example as blessing and your foes as fairy.
Famous personality : Courteney Cox, Brad Pitt, Nicolas Cage, Hugh Jackman, Jim Carrey.
Powerful medicine for restoring fresh look out for exhausted power in the body.


Storm Personality
According to Mayan astrology the storm is the nineteenth day sign and this person tends to be lovable, affectionate, quiet, artistic and religious. Due to artistic nature you always prank up with new plans and are also very curious. You not only have the ability to make friends but also to make money. But you love to use that money either for home or for the family. You are interested in learning as well as in teaching. You like to stay at clean places and you consider it as a holy rite. Wedding and relationship are most important for you and you worship this with love and dedication.




20. Mayan Astrology : Flower
Alternative : Light, Sun and lord.
Mayan name :  Ahau.
Meaning Explain existence and worldwide blaze.
Birth Significance Flow.
Direction South.
Gemstone Rose Quartz.
Element Fire.
Lucky Color Yellow, gold
Symbols Sun, dove, crown chakra, light, angel.
Number Twenty.
Friend Rain, Crocodile.
Foe :  Dog.
Chakra Crown Chakra.
Harmonic Wisdom Harmonic overtones.
Animal : Snail or Conch.
Characteristics: Lord, light, day of the ancestors, Christ consciousness, awakening.
Strengths : Friendly, serene, adoring and artistic. The flower sign cares deeply about the beauty of ideas. They see into the future with great enthusiasm. These people have an interest in anything exquisite. They may be attracted to beautiful jewelry, art, or nature.


This Maya Sun Sign is truly devoted and affectionate in any relationship even long after it is over. They are wonderful role models and will be great in careers as a teacher or artist.


Weaknesses : Idealist, Optimist and fragile.


Negative Traits 


The Maya Sun zodiac sign has such unrealistic expectations of themselves that they have trouble dealing with disappointment when things don’t go as they envision. There is no compromise on their dreams and this makes it hard for them to face reality at times. To avoid facing things they don’t want to do they throw themselves into menial tasks and superficial ways to be busy.They are wonderful role models and will be great in careers as a teacher or artist.


They are very rigid with themselves and this makes it hard for them to fully accept the person they are. This leads to issues with self-esteem. They will also give up their power over another person, leading to stress.


If they are unbalanced their emotional issues could cause illness. They have a lot of strength in them but when used negatively could turn into anger and rage.
The Mayan flower sign should focus on giving love to others and not on being perfect. They should enjoy what they have now instead of what they think the future may bring.
Challenge Managing frustrations due to holding impractical outlook.
Solution: It would be good to hold life uncomplicated.


Occupations Day keeper, diviners, leaders, musicians, artists, dancers, singers, writers, professional athletes, politicians, merchants, and hunters. 


Good day demands for knowledge and blessings from our ancestors or to be bold to such things that we are afraid of. Good for celebrating beauty internally and externally. Celebrate the beauty that you have inside and the beauty that you see all around you. It is a good time to meditate and to spend time with those you love. Put all of your wishes and desires out there believing that they will come true. It is a day of transformation and artistic energy. The sign symbolizes the warrior and the traveler. It symbolizes all of the beauty and hopes we can imagine if we align our energy to be positive.


Famous personalities : Albert Einstein, Kurt Russel, Kate Hudson, Jessica Alba, Sandra Bullock, Kathy Griffin, Meg Ryan.
Powerful medicine to carry the religious Light throughout the body.


Flower Personality


Your astrological sign is Flower and according to Mayan astrology it is the final day sign. As your day sign is a flower so you symbolize good looks and principles. They are daydreamers who become lost in the visions of a perfect life. People will love getting to know the Flower, although they are socially awkward. They mean well but are often too caught up in their minds to be aware of how they come across to other people.


They daydream of having the perfect romantic relationship. In real life, they may have a hard time keeping a relationship. They have high ideals they are not willing to change.


Sometimes their expectations may be too unrealistic. They should remember to be more grounded in reality or they will face disappointments. If they remain in balance with their energy they will have strong health. If they are out of balance, illness could occur.


They are creative people who love recreating real life into their vision of beauty. Mayan people believe that Mayan kings tend to be born on this day and you are powerful both physically and spiritually. You tend to be a multi-talented person so you can take as many options as you like. Others want to know every detail about you and also hold high expectations about you as you possess great power. You tend to panic more about your future so you are not able to enjoy the present moment. It would be better to live in the present. You tend to hold an interest in artistic and beautiful things.
















Tone: 1 Magnetic (Tone of Purpose and Attraction).


Mayan Name: Hun.
Action: Attracts.
Power: Unify.
Essence: Purpose.


Qualities: Unconditional love, the one heart, indivisible essence, core vibration, new beginnings, chalice of the infinite.


Meaning: Union and start anew.


Positive traits:


Energetic and likes to pursue its own code of ethics.
You understand your job very nicely so you are a reliable pal and mate.
You can quit from your personal custom and can start a new assignment.


Negative traits:


Dislike any kind of transformation.
Like to follow a daily routine.
Occasionally cannot complete what is started and miss safety.


Description: The Magnetic Tone symbolizes the Source of Creation. As you are born with this number, you are good at beginning new assignments. You are independent and do not like any kind of guidance from others as you pursue your own ethics. 


You dislike following any kind of scheduled life as you have less diversity in your life. You like competition and work hard to attain your target. You are the kind of person who likes to create something new. You can become violent, dominant as well as dwelling with strong views. Sometimes it is hard to get along but with tolerance you can be a reliable pal and mate.


Morpheus: The first Mayan galactic tone is known as Unity. This number symbolizes new beginnings. Those born under the number one love to start new projects. They are hard workers and love to give back to their community. They love to invent new things and would be in science or as the founders of a new, innovative business.














Tone: 2 Lunar (Tone of Challenge and Polarity).


Mayan Name: Ca.
Action: Stabilizes.
Power: Polarize.
Essence: Challenge.
Qualities: loom of reality, sacred twins, cooperation, and relationship, polarity of male and female, duality.


Meaning: Division and match of contrary.


Positive traits:


You are a gracious, friendly and strong minded person.
You love to travel and invent new things.
You are helpful and others are attracted towards you due to this habit.
Sometimes others may misunderstand you due to your rational mind.
Negative traits:


Do not think too much as it can lose your equilibrium.
You cannot see the divisions of the things.


Description: The Lunar Tone symbolizes Duality and tends to be mysterious. The energy of this number two is Yin/Yang. You are able to foresee the hindrances and also find the way to overwhelm those hindrances in order to achieve the target. So steadiness and equilibrium are likely to arrive. You have the appealing power because of your appealing personality. You are a gracious as well as sociable person. In a relationship it is very important to maintain equilibrium. The Tone two energy confronts the old model at every level. Transformation for something good is of much importance. You are strong from both clairvoyant and religious sides.


Morpheus: The second Maya numerology number is also called Duality. People born under this tone have keen intuition. They are charismatic and people are drawn to their mysterious personalities. They are all about balance and partnership and would do well in careers that require them to partner up or see both sides such as lawyer, diplomat, or politician.


Tone: 3 Electric (Tone of Service and Bonding).


Mayan Name: Ox.


Action: Bonds.


Power: Active.


Essence: Service.


Qualities: Movement, change, flow, current, creativity, integration, sacred trinity.


Meaning: Regularity and originality.


Positive traits:


You are imaginative and friendly.
Though you are imaginative by nature yet you are not easily inspired by inventive things.
You are mainly a problem healer person.
You are an open and determined person.
Negative traits:


Sometimes you lose the beat as well as target of life.
You dislike going behind the natural flow of life.
At times you overact.
Description: The Electric Tone symbolizes Action and you like to transformation and variety. You have good sense of rhythm. You excel in the field of art so dance and music are very much important in your life. You are expressive and you have the capability to express yourself freely. You assist others and create peace. Sometimes you overlook the problems of life due to the energy of this tone. You always fight for your internal harmony. This day is also good for conveying and moving.












Tone: 4 Self-existing (Tone of Form and Measurement).


Mayan Name: Can.


Action: Measures.


Power: Define.


Essence: Form.


Qualities: Order, definition, discrimination, natural cycles, meaningful alignment.


Meaning: Command and willpower.


Positive traits:


You are likely to concentrate on your aim in life.
You are realistic.
You are blessed with maintaining equilibrium in every sphere.
You have the power to unite people.
Negative traits:


You are superstitious.
You do not take any kind of advice from others while attaining your target.
You are confused with too many ideas.
You have the ability to misuse your power.
Description: The Self-existing Tone symbolizes Stability and is helps you to develop. You have the ability to work hard. You mainly desire for a safety place where you are safe and sound. You tend to be realistic and like to follow the daily routine. According to your personality you are very meek and dislike being a leader. Once you are determined you never look back. The energy of tone 4 helps you to be a liberty lover and puts obstacle to make any kind of game, job or connection. You are likely to bring remedy to your life.




Tone: 5 Overtone (Tone of Radiance and Empowerment).


Mayan Name: Ho.


Action: Commands.


Power: Empower.


Essence: Radiance.


Qualities: Core purpose, central intent, foundation, place of centeredness, simplicity, acceptance of your humanness.


Meaning: Establishment and concentration.


Positive traits:


You investigate to know yourself better.
You concentrate mainly on motive rather than on emotions.
You are likely to monitor and investigate things.
You are very much an enquiring person.
You believe in ethics.


Negative traits:


You are imaginative.
You tend to lose your power in many things.
You have a very bad memory.
Description: The Overtone symbolizes Empowerment and you tend to be witty and have the power to influence others. Whatever you see you tend to enquire and like to collect data and arrange them to be something productive. You like to say 'Knowledge is Power'. You are systematic and love to examine. You like to see your assignment to be done correctly. You become happy when you take charge. You make a good boss and will reach the top of any organization as you are too skilled and knowledgeable. It is recommended to be with those people who make you feel good.












Tone: 6 Rhythmic (Tone of Equality and Balance).


Mayan Name: Uac.


Action: Equalizes.


Power: Organize.


Essence: Equality.


Qualities: Receptivity, ability to respond, dynamic equilibrium, roots in many dimensions.


Meaning: Equilibrium and patience.


Positive traits:


You live life with ethics so that you can change everything.
You can do anything to complete your target.
Negative traits:


You do not love yourself so you do not take much care about yourself.
You are a fussy kind of person.
You lose your initial assignment.
You are inclined to anybody.


Description: The Rhythmic Tone symbolizes Flow and you are quite aware that creation and death are part of our life. You do not quarrel for transformation. You are a good mediator. You are always trying to make your life better. You always look at the requirements of others and try to get a solution that will work for others. You have an energetic personality and you will like to get those things that will make life smoother. Sometimes you are very critical and suffer from an extravagant personality. You are likely to go behind many posts that you dislike.


Tone: 10 Planetary (Tone of Manifestation and Perfection).


Mayan Name: Lahun.
Action: Produces.
Power: Perfect.
Essence: Manifestation.
Qualities: Intention, motivation, true identity, foundation of Essence Self, aligned manifestation.
Meaning: Demonstration and purpose.


Positive traits:


You have the power to achieve your ambition and job.
You are constantly in search of the way to finish your target.
You are determined enough as you have lucid intention.
Though you are focused on your assignment yet your exact ambition is not exposed.
Negative traits:


When you take too many assignments then you suspect everything.
At times you begin work without any plan.
Your intentions are not very apparent.


Description: The Planetary tone symbolizes Manifestation. The ten tone helps you understand the beauty so you are capable of making things beautiful that are around you. The power tone of 10 flows all the time. You are concentrated and aimed at your target. If you do too many things at a time then you forget about your target. Though you are very much reliable yet you accumulate obligations. You are likely to have clear views about your target when you are in peace and concentrated. You are easily controlled by others. In order to get victory you are able to make a powerful base.


Tone: 11 Spectral (Tone of Liberation and Releasing).


Mayan Name: Hun Lahun/ BULUK.


Action: Releases.


Power: Dissolve.


Essence: Liberation.


Qualities: Change, disintegration, letting go, stripping away, complexity moving to simplicity.


Meaning: Disagreement and transformation.


Positive traits:


You are self sufficient.
You have the talent to see the upcoming awful things.
You have the ability to face transformation as you have sprung up from hostility.
You tend to be a good therapist as you are able to resolve the crisis.
Negative traits:


You become depressed if you are not able to solve your setbacks with intelligence.
If you do not like transformation then you can refuse.
Others may misinterpret you.
At times you are not happy in the world.


Description: The Spectral tone symbolizes Resolution and is worried about the gap between movements. You have the ability to see the futile things in the current time. You are a bit different from others so you are likely to face problems in a relationship. As you have the tendency to get rid of the old things so you also help others to get out from it. It is very essential to be honest for the eleven tone person. You are always in search of steadiness. You are also interested in curing others so you tend to be an emotional and physical mentor. If you think about overcoming disputes then you are likely to get victory.










Tone: 12 Crystal (Tone of Cooperation and Dedication).


Mayan Name: Ca Lahun/ LAKA.


Action: Universalizes.


Power: Dedicate.


Essence: Cooperation.


Qualities: Stability in expansion, greater constellation, union of polarity, framework of connectedness.


Meaning: Firmness and expansion.


Positive traits:


You are determined in your every action.
You are always in search of an explanation for every obstacle and prove to be a good mentor.
You have good remembering power.
You get well easily from fatigue and also help others to gain their power.
You have the tendency to take advantage of others.


Negative traits:


You over value your power and skill.
You have the tendency to display your skill in an elegant way.
You do not evaluate all the potentialities.
After getting victory you do not take pleasure and rest. You began to cultivate your brain.


Description: The Crystal tone symbolizes Understanding and the number 12 represents a new beginning. Tone 12 is mainly the power of all wisdom. You are always ready to help others. You always reinvent yourself and go after a new path. You also have the ability to use the old things and convert those into new things. You prove to be a good therapist as you help people to collect the scattered pieces of life so that they can start a new life. You work hard to finish your assignment. You want to get praise by finishing your work neatly and on time. You are also capable of being a good teacher as you have vast wisdom.


Tone: 13 Cosmic (Tone of Presence and Transcendence).


Mayan Name: Ox Lahun.
Action: Transcends.
Power: Endure.
Essence: Presence.
Qualities: Wild card, unseen forces, unexpected change, open system, touch of destiny, inter dimensional shift.
Meaning: Worldwide progress and give back.
Positive traits:
You have lucid plans and knowledge to attain your goal.
In new circumstances you are likely to use your knowledge in an expert way.
You have the ability to invent all fantasy.
You can see the upcoming things.
You are highly adjustable as you have progressed in life through great transformation.


Negative traits:


You do not fear transformation.
You stand by your success and do not like to change.
You regret those things that have been finished.


Description: The Cosmic tone represents Ascension and according to Mayan astrology the number 13 is a powerful number. You are always trying to improve your invention. At times you prove to be psychic. You are a skilled person at your creation so either you will create or people will help you to create for you. Sometimes you will have your feet in both worlds. Unexpected transformation always comes in your life. To remain happy you must know that transformation is continuous in life. If you are adaptable and accept changes in your life then you will be satisfied.




Do not use the net : USE THIS 
This is the Mayan Shadow : Algorithm OF PANDORA


MAYA : TZOLKIN CONVERTER 
class Maya:
    @staticmethod
    def calculate_julian_day(day, month, year):
        """Calculate Julian Day Number from Gregorian date."""
        a = (14 - month) // 12
        y = year + 4800 - a
        m = month + 12 * a - 3
        return day + ((153 * m + 2) // 5) + 365 * y + y // 4 - y // 100 + y // 400 - 32045


    @staticmethod
    def convert_to_tzolkin(day, month, year):
        """Convert Gregorian date to Tzolkin date."""
        tzolkin_names = [
            "Ahau", "Imix", "Ik", "Akbal", "Kan", "Chicchan", "Cimi", "Manik",
            "Lamat", "Muluc", "Oc", "Chuen", "Eb", "Ben", "Ix", "Men", "Cib",
            "Caban", "Etznab", "Cauac"
        ]
        julian_day = Maya.calculate_julian_day(day, month, year)
        days_passed = julian_day - 584283  # Tzolkin starting point adjustment
        tzolkin_number = (days_passed % 13) + 1
        tzolkin_name = tzolkin_names[days_passed % 20]


        # Adjusting the Tzolkin number
        adjusted_tzolkin_number = (tzolkin_number + 3) % 13
        adjusted_tzolkin_number = 13 if adjusted_tzolkin_number == 0 else adjusted_tzolkin_number
        return adjusted_tzolkin_number, tzolkin_name


    @staticmethod
    def get_birthdate_and_calculate():
        year = int(input("Enter birth year (YYYY): "))
        month = int(input("Enter birth month (MM): "))
        day = int(input("Enter birth day (DD): "))
        tzolkin_date = Maya.convert_to_tzolkin(day, month, year)
        return tzolkin_date


# Usage
maya = Maya()
tzolkin_date = maya.get_birthdate_and_calculate()
print(f"The Tzolkin date is: {tzolkin_date[0]} {tzolkin_date[1]}")